feat(wizard): Simplify iOS wizard and align with best-converting platforms (#7264)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/apple/ios.md

type: language
---

## Install

> We recommend installing the SDK with CocoaPods, but we also support [alternate installation methods](/platforms/apple/install/). To integrate Sentry into your Xcode project, specify it in your Podfile:

Reviewer: Since the goal is to increase conversion rate, I want to suggest to change from cocoapods to SPM as recommendation. 
While cocoapods requires devs to have it, SPM works out of the box with Xcode, IMO much more easy to use and friendly for new comers.

}
```

## Verify

> This snippet contains an intentional error and can be used as a test to make sure that everything's working as expected. You can add it to your main `ViewController`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This snippet contains an intentional error you can use to test that errors are uploaded to Sentry correctly. You can add it to your main `ViewController`.
```
